In the summer holidays a friend messaged me asking about the following: he had made hundreds of 3D renders for a client, showing off their product. He was wondering if some application could be made where the user could navigate through his renders (e.g. select from three categories and the corresponding render shows up).

I did some research and found that Python has 2-3 good mainstream GUI libraries; PyQt and Kivy. I chose to go with Kivy because I found the documentation was much better. The problem I later had with Kivy is that it didn't have that native look and feel (things like sub-pixel rendering on text is crucial, I found) e.g. it was a tremendous amount of work to have it looking like a Windows application. 

I enjoyed the design process (I have attached some of this design work in the 'Design' folder), and thinking about what each class should have - and how the code could be structured. I enjoyed printing out the code after a crass attempt had been made, and thinking of ways to make it more elegant (this is something I have done for all my long term projects). 

My friend ended up not needing this project any more, but I enjoyed getting up to the point I did. Run 'main.py' with Kivy installed to see this project.

Funnily enough, after the summer holidays (2020 S1), I took a course called Compsci230 where what I had learnt about application building for this project was replicated, and extended; things like inheritance (before doing this project I knew nothing about it), UML modelling, and design patterns, were in this course. As to say, if I would be doing a similiar project to this again, I would use Java - as per taught in Comp230.

EDIT: 04/01/2021. I took a course in 2020 S2 called Compsci235; here, we learnt about managing a large amount of code that interacts with each other (in the course, we made a web application using the Flask framework for Python). Also, while working on an internship, I see that nowadays Java GUI's are considered antiquated, and the world is leaning towards web applications. Putting those two things together, if I were to do this project again, I would make a web app (preferably I'd do one in Flask with Python, and Spring for Java, and "Node JS" and "React" --- if my understanding is correct); for my personal projects though, I don't see the good opportunity arising anytime soon.
